Functor material properties (#18395)
idaholab/moose: modules/navier_stokes/doc/content/source/materials/RhoFromPTFunctorMaterial.md

# RhoFromPTFunctorMaterial

!syntax description /Materials/RhoFromPTFunctorMaterial

## Overview

This object takes a fluid properties object and coupled pressure and temperature

> variables and provides a functor material property rho that is computed through
> a call to `_fluid.rho_from_p_T(_pressure(x), _temperature(x))` where `x`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
variables and provides a functor material property `rho` that is evaluated with
the local pressure and temperature as `rho_from_p_T(_pressure(x), _temperature(x))` where `x`
```
just trying to hide the code from documentation a bit

> represents a physical location, e.g. on an element for a face.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
represents a physical location, e.g. on an element or a face.
```
